Sdk version component (#1357)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: CONTRIBUTING.md

Whenever you'd like to update a dependency for a specific language, you update that version in the respective language attribute. When you run `pnpm install` these versions will be propagated throughout the repo in the right places.

### <Dependencies />

> We havea Dependencies component that helps you display required dependencies for each SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a Dependencies component that helps you display required dependencies for each SDK.
```
